Welcome to the course.
My name's Jason and I'm going to be your instructor on teaching you how to design characters and animate
them in Photoshop.
Now a little bit about myself when I was very young about 17 I started an internship with an animation
studio.
From there it turned into a job and eventually I started doing my own freelance work and now that's
what I do for a living is freelance illustration so why am I here and you to me.
Well my number one goal here is to help you learn and to help you achieve what you want to achieve.
So if you're here to become a professional digital artist I'm here to help you do that.
If you're just here because you like to do this as a hobby then I'm here to help you with whatever you
need.
I'm just your instructor here to help you achieve what you want to achieve.
Now what are we going to be doing in this course.
Well first off we're going to look at the basics of Photoshop and go over all the necessary tools that
we'll be using throughout the course once we've done that.
We're going to go ahead and start sketching and brainstorming our characters then we can move on to
building our first character.
We're going to build two.
So once we build the first character we're going to go ahead and build the second character using two
different techniques then we can go ahead and start animating our second character in Photoshop.
Once we've done that we're going to start creating a spreadsheet for our characters animation and I'll
teach you all about spreadsheets and how they work and what they are.
Once we finished our sprite sheets I'm going to show you how you can import your spreadsheets into unity
and start looking at the animations and seeing how they look.
This will be prepping and getting ready to actually program into a game.
Now I want to make clear that this is not a programming course but I will show you like I said how to
prep your animation for programming.
Thanks for joining this course.
And I want to let you know that I really appreciate you as a student.
It means a lot to me that you decided to take this course and spend your time learning from me.
So thank you.
Now without further delay let's go ahead and jump right in and start creating some awesome artwork.